Add AutoExtensions doc in README.md (#381)
ampproject/amp-toolbox-php: README.md

|-------|-------------|
| [`AmpBoilerplate`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/AmpBoilerplate.php) | Transformer that removes AMP boilerplate `<style>` and `<noscript>` tags in `<head>`, keeping only the `amp-custom` style tag. It then (re-)inserts the `amp-boilerplate` unless the document is marked with the `i-amphtml-no-boilerplate` attribute. |
| [`AmpRuntimeCss`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/AmpRuntimeCss.php) | Transformer adding `https://cdn.ampproject.org/v0.css` if server-side-rendering is applied (known by the presence of the `<style amp-runtime>` tag). AMP runtime css (`v0.css`) will always be inlined as it'll get automatically updated to the latest version once the AMP runtime has loaded. |

> | [`AutoExtensions`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/AutoExtensions.php) | Transformer that analyzes the HTML source code, identifies missing AMP extension and automatically imports all the missing AMP extensions. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`AutoExtensions`](https://github.com/ampproject/amp-toolbox-php/blob/main/src/Optimizer/Transformer/AutoExtensions.php) | Transformer that analyzes the HTML source code to identify the required AMP extensions and automatically imports missing AMP extension scripts as well as removes the ones that are unused. |
```
